README.md, before:

# HNG9-first-task

creating a single page app using react.
By Olagunju Oluwakolade .A
Task details:

# Front-End Stage 1 Task

- Create a page like Linktree that allows a person show their personal profile and link to various digital things that they sell. **Details below.**
- Make frequent atomic commits to your GitHub repository and keep standard on commit messages.

## The profile section

- A profile picture with an id ‘**profile\_\_img**’
- Your twitter username with an id ‘**twitter**’
- Your slack name with an id ‘**slack**’ - **but this should be hidden (available in code, but cannot be seen)**

## The links section

- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘btn\_\_zuri’** that redirects to “[https://training.zuri.team/](https://training.zuri.team/)”
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘books’** that redirects to [http://books.zuri.team](http://books.zuri.team) with the title and a subtext describing that this is where you find books about design and coding
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘book\_\_python’** that redirects to to [https://books.zuri.team](https://books.zuri.team)/python-for-beginners?ref_id=<yourslackname>, where you feature the book as if you were selling it.The reference id must be unique and will give you royalties if any sales of the book come
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘pitch’** that redirects to to [https://background.zuri.team](https://background.zuri.team), where you pitch a service for doing background checks on coders.Use a good, selling sentence.
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘book\_\_design’** that redirects to to [https://books.zuri.team/design-rules](https://books.zuri.team/design-rules) where you pitch the free design book offered by Zuri.

Commit message:

chore:readme update and deploy path update

README.md, after:

# HNG9-first-task + Second Task

creating a single page app using react. adding a contact page path to the app.
By Olagunju Oluwakolade .A
Task details:

# Front-End Stage 1 Task details

- Create a page like Linktree that allows a person show their personal profile and link to various digital things that they sell. **Details below.**
- Make frequent atomic commits to your GitHub repository and keep standard on commit messages.

## The profile section

- A profile picture with an id ‘**profile\_\_img**’
- Your twitter username with an id ‘**twitter**’
- Your slack name with an id ‘**slack**’ - **but this should be hidden (available in code, but cannot be seen)**

## The links section

- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘btn\_\_zuri’** that redirects to “[https://training.zuri.team/](https://training.zuri.team/)”
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘books’** that redirects to [http://books.zuri.team](http://books.zuri.team) with the title and a subtext describing that this is where you find books about design and coding
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘book\_\_python’** that redirects to to [https://books.zuri.team](https://books.zuri.team)/python-for-beginners?ref_id=<yourslackname>, where you feature the book as if you were selling it.The reference id must be unique and will give you royalties if any sales of the book come
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘pitch’** that redirects to to [https://background.zuri.team](https://background.zuri.team), where you pitch a service for doing background checks on coders.Use a good, selling sentence.
- A Link styles as a Button with an id **‘book\_\_design’** that redirects to to [https://books.zuri.team/design-rules](https://books.zuri.team/design-rules) where you pitch the free design book offered by Zuri.


2nd Task Details:
Continue from the stage 1 task,
Add another anchor tag styled as a Button with an id of 'contact' that redirects to “/contact” page in your app.
NB. The contact page path must be "/contact"
The contact page should have a form with the following details:
A First and last name input fields with ids ‘first_name’ and ‘last_name’ respectively
An Email address input field with an id of ‘email’
A Textarea with an id of ‘message’ to contain the message of the person
A button with an id of ‘btn__submit’ that will submit the form
All fields should have appropriate label tags
